# 精英教育

- 以下所有回答不具有任何参考意义，可能含有大量的拼写语法错误。

## Can you list some famous universities？ What makes a good university:? Why did you choose your university?

Some famous universities in China include Tsinghua University and Peking Universit.Famous universities abroad include Harvard University, Stanford University, etc.

Because I’m majoring in cs. So I want to talk about what good universities should do in cs.  First a good university should have basic hardware,. Then keep pace with the times to ensure the timeliness of knowledge. is also important. Last but not least, positive atmosphere can help us do science better.

OK, It was a coincidence that I chose my university. U know, whut is famous for its material science, and I liked material science a few years ago. I think the WHUT is very good, although I’m majoring in cs now.

## 什么是精英教育？他的优缺点？为什么精英教育反智?

Elite education means that you should study hard and your parents should pay more attation for you to enter a university that only a few people can enter

Elite education have their advantages and advantages.

For advantanges, you can improve ur  thinking ability, can make more friends that will be fomous in ther future. the most important you can get a experience, that can help you find a more suitable job.

For disadvantages, may be you lose some chance, for example, postgraduate doctor dont want to be a primary school teacher. But these job may be can give u more happiness.

Another hand,this education may gjive you prejudice, this situation will reduce you communication with other people that dont have elite education but smart.

Elite education will make you afraid of failure， but some great ideas have experienced many failures. Students in elite education are similar, and its hard to create some great ideas.

## 描述一份你将来想要的高薪工作。怎样才能成为一名好员工。怎样才能成为一个好雇主。

I think a computer programmer is suitable for me. I can study hard and work hard to get a well-paid. Although it is changeable for me.

As a computer programmer. Firstly, you must always keep learning and have the ability to accept new things. And then, every company has its own rules, and it is also necessary to abide by them Last but not least, a good health is a necessary condition for work.

I want to tell my future boss that the working mode of 965 work life balance can improve efficiency.

## 你同意精英教育会让你找到一份有前途的工作吗。

Accoding to a report by Chinese goverment. workers aged 25 and over who have less education than a high school had the highest unemployment rate.

Take my own for example Elite education can help me get a good job. 

First , im majoring in cs, so I’ll find a computer programmer.Fortunately, interviewers pay more attention to your professional ability. So elite education can help me get a good job easily.

Then, I think if you are from poor area, you’ll need elite education more. It can make your knlowedgeable and make better friends.

Last but note least, many example show that elite education can make you perform better,like 20.

## 在工作面试中，我们可以通过哪些方式表现得更好

As a computer programmer, I have joined in several interviews. To be honest, that's really a very bad memory.  You will be asked about all kinds of knowledge about computer operating systems, algorithms, networks and so on.

If you want to perform better in interview. The most important thing is that you need study hard for computer knowledge.

Fine, Knowledge is not enough. You also have some projects to show your ability.While some people aren't comfortable tooting their own horn, showcasing your talents is key in an interview

Last but not least, a confident and positive attitude can make a good impression on the interviewer.

## 同辈压力

With the development of the Internet. The cs is becoming more and more popular, because of high-paid. It attracted many other professionals to learn computer, and write code.

For example, several years ago, if you can write some simple code and know basic computer knowledge, you will find a good job. But now, you must know complex computer hardware knowledge, and fussy network hardware.Do you think it's over. No, you also can resolve some complex math probels by coding. The big companies like baidu, bytedance etc may give u a offer.

So I will study hard, and keep studying every day to improve my ability.

May be pressure can make be better.

But in some ways, the pressure can make me annoying. Because the people around me are excellent and take everything very seriously, it push me to seriously do something  although i dont want to do.

# 旅游

## 描述旅行，你去了哪里，那个地方怎么样，跟谁一起去的，这个地方为什么吸引你来,过程中又有哪些痛苦

Because of the COVID-19, I haven't traveled for a long time. Let me think

OK,My last travel was to Xi'an with my girlfriend. Xi’an is a modern city but full of ancient element. Xian have ancient city walls, People in Xi'an like to wear Hanfu.This makes the city full of ancient culture. I love this scence.

In addtion, I and my girlfriend very like Xi’an food, that more delicious than other city's food. 

So good food and beautiful scenery both in Xi’an. 

By the way ,As a person that have no sense of direction, the journey is very painful. I may spend a lot of time looking for the way, and in the end,I found I had found the wrong way.

## 旅游业的积极和消极影响是什么

    The positive influeneces of tourism is to drive the development of local economy. Help more people find jobs.

 With the development of the tourism, the negative influences appear.

Tourists may damage the local environment. It cause the water dirty, so that the people around scene may be unhealty.

The people ,bus and airplane can cause noise pollution. It can make people annoying, and aslo can cause anminals to alter natural activaity pattern. 

So we should try our best to boarden the advantages and limit the disadvantages.

## 读万卷书和行万里路，哪个让你更聪明

I want to talk about tarvel.Take my own for example, before i went to universiy, i have not tarvel. but I read a lot of book. My impression of the world stays in books. 

When I first traveled, I found that the real appearance of the world is various. Books can not fully express the world’s appearance, and books cant bring you into the nature. So traveling can improve my EQ.

With the development of the time, I found that reading is a good habit. It can teach you more knowledge of the world. You find the answer in the book.

As the saying goes, there is a golden house in the book. So reading can imporve my IQ.

If you want to be smart, IQ and EQ are both necessary. So reading and traveling are both important.

## 游客可以通过什么方式保护当地环境

水污染

Water is the important resourse . So the tourism should  protect rivers from pollution. Of course, If you see someone destroying the environment, you should stop him in time and pick up the garbage.

噪声污染

Then nosie pollution is also very serious. As a tourism , should keep quiet as much as possible for the people around the scence. And nose pollution can cause animals to alter their natural activity pattern.

Other:

Don't Scribble on places of interest。

You can carry garbage bags, and It's also important to wear a mask.

As a tourism, It is necessary to protect the environment.

环保的意义:

Clear waters and green mouuntains are our endless resource,

And presient Xi has streesed many times that beautiful scenry is the gold and sliver mines.

So as a postgraduate, protect environment is certainly worth doing

# 整容和美

## 美的标准，你怎么定义美

For most people, beauty means that have a beautiful face.

But I think it is a part of beauty. Beauty aslo meas that have a interesting soul. You also want to make friends with them.

If I can define beauty, I will say that everyone is beatuy. You are one of a kind, and for your parents and lovers, you are the most beautiful people in the world.

So we should be confident and positive, if you give up yourself, no one thinks you are beautiful.

## 描述一个你觉得帅或者漂亮的人，ta是谁，你是怎么知道ta的，了解多少，解释为什么漂亮

I think my gf is very beautiful. Serverral years ago, she wanted to ask me some questions about university life, and i was hooked. Because She is very beautiful, has big eyes ，cute face and nice hairstyle. Her beauty keeps pace with time, because I find the beauty can be more than appearance.The beauty of the soul is equally important.

Sheis  loving and can tolerate my mistakes. I think the  beauty of the soul is a sercret that we can stay together for a long time.

## 个人实现与外貌关系大吗，为啥。说说你对个人价值实现的理解？外表影响工作吗？

I think personal fullfillment depends on your mind , so apperrance is not important.

For example. if you want to be a scientist, you should study hard. not do a cosmetic surgery.

In my opinion， personal fullfillment means that do something for country or even for word. So apperance is not important for this.

By the way, apperance may be influence your interview. For example, you compete for a job, although everyone has similar abilities, the peopole has good apperance will get this job finally.

Fortunately, I want to get a computer programmer work, if I study hard ,  interviewer will ignore my apperance.

## 整容吗？为啥？常见的美容手术，优缺点，你的态度。

No, I can tolerate my ulgy face , but i cant tolerate that surgery on the face.

In addtion, beauty is more than apperance,....................................

脱脂 Degreasing surgery

隆胸 breast implants

Disadvantes:

cosmetic surgery has risk of failure, may be make you unhealty or even die.

cosmetic surgery can make beauty single, the world should be various.

Advantages:

Make your more confident. And you can make you look younger to compete for a job.

## 谁引领时尚，例子说明。

Several years ago, I think the young people lead a new fashion. Like JayChou

He created many music that aslo be popular now. And music like QingHaCi, is very famous.

Many people started to imitate Jay, so I think Jay led a new fashion several years ago.

But with the development of internet, the more and more short video appeared. If you send a very popular video, you will lead a new fashion. For example, liu geng hong lead a new fashion recenty. Although I never used the apps like tiktok douyin, I also know him. Fine, If you have greatful ideas, you also can lead a new fation.

# AI

## 啥是AI?他在我们日常生活中是怎么工作的?

The technology of imitating human intelligence through computer programs.

With the devlopment of the Internet, more and more AI was used apps. For example translate, speech recognition , image recognition and auto driver.

AI can make us life better and convenient.

On the other hand , some AI was used in game. Like dota,go cheese.

These AI help people challenge the limits of mankind.

## 人们对AI发展的态度

With the devlopment of technology, more and more people think AI will create danger. I’m majoring in cs, in my opinion, AI is produced by people. So if you dont want to create a danger AI robot, the AI will be kind.

## AI能否与人类共存

Of course, the life is full of AI, translate, speech recognition , image recognition .On the other hand , some AI was used in game. Like dota,go cheese.

These AI help mankind make life better and convenient.

## 介绍最喜欢的科幻电影，介绍AI机器人。

Edward Scissorhands. It describe a AI robot named Edward. The robot was produeced ,  and  loved a girl. But its emotion is not perfect like mankind. Edward do something that he feels true,mankind feels false. So the people cant accpet it. Finally, Edward leave the people live alone.

## 理想的工作，AI会在未来取代你吗

I’m majoring in CS, and I want to be a compuer programmer in the future.

With the development of the AI, the more and more products wil use AI. Just like you think, AI even help you write simple code. Although, I think AI will not replace me. On one hand, now the AI can only do some easy job that a people can do it, the complex job need people dicusse many times. The hardware cant support complex comupte.On the other hand, AI was be made by imating human. But the people cant know how does our brain work, so AI cant perform better like human.

# 全球化

## 啥是全球化，我们的生活是怎么被全球化影响的?

Globalization means that countries are closely linked economically and politically.

Take my own example,  I almost use apple’s electronic products. If you ban apple for me, I will do nothing.

As a product, may be produced by many countries, like an Ameriacan bran, but made in Taiwan.etc

And for country, the more and more challenges arise. For example, COVID-19 can spread very slowly in China, but because of the globalnazation, we still need to be careful.

Globalization give challenge and chance.

## 什么是慢全球化，什么原因需要放慢全球化速度，慢全球化缺点。

Slowbalization is a combination of slow and globalization,which means that transnational economic activities developed slowly.

Reason:

transport cost stop falling

More and more transnational company find that local companies may be more popular.

Economic shift to service，service economic is hard to be transnational

trade war

Advatages:

Local company can grow faster.

Developing country can get a chance to develop local ecnomic.

Disadvantages:

Users are responsible for rising cost.

On the other hand, although Developing country can get a chance to develop local ecnomic, but the gap in technological development will increase

## 啥是贸易战，怎么影响我们日常生活

For the development of the country, so restrict imports and increase exports.

Trade war

People need to pay increasing transport cost.

And some transnational companies may be hard to make trade.

For example. in the trade war, Huawei comapny lose thier chips to produce more phones or other electronic products. So the value of Huawei product rised.

Trade war has caused a rise in prices and reduced people's descried to pay. In ther long term, because the other developed countries give a limmit of science and technology, Chinese science and technology can be promoted.

So trade war give challenge and chance.

## BRI

Belt and Road initiative was Proposed by the president Xi. 

The belt refers describes links to Eurasia

The road refers to maritime connections.

意义：

China want to find a way to blance globalnization’s disad. and ad. . And strengthen ties and trade with surrounding countries

成果：

The BRI export the Chinese culture, and imporve Chinese ecnimic.

It help many people find the job.

China plays the role of peace in the BRI. And the world will be more peaceful because of the BRI.

## 什么是新全球化

Globalnization shoud be based on physical infrastructure. The material world of ships and trains will replace the vritul world of financializing.